you
I am here today with the Samsung chief
Oh Angie and so it's a full Cody keypad
um ok buttons right here and you can
scroll around with these four then
arrows right there um the screen reforms
which I like especially when texting you
have a micro SD card in there which I do
later I before gigabyte and there can't
want to see it yeah you can touch it and
let's fit some weight there which it
just dropped in I fit there are there
there you go and that's the volume
rocker and yes where you put the charger
in and also where you hook up your
headphones and this is the camera button
which also you can take home to also
take videos with it it has a volume
recorder and
because I'm messages you have music
photos you gave up two thousand contacts
it comes with two games it will Sudoku
and jump boy you can also going in and
out with this if it has mp3 player voice
recorder as I told you in the image
editor phones really great I got it at
best buy on black friday for 40 bucks or
joint ad um almost exactly like the LG
rumor and then there's a camera button
or camera and no one on this phone does
sangmin which i like son thanks for
watching and i'm sorry for not posting
full of and don't rate subscribe made
all the posting some more soon